friends today showed them one that many
we want this function to be
integrated into the game in a normal way and
because this function will allow us to
aim the sava cannon and aim the
Valkyrie cannon also to target the
truck from which another pound of the coursing
in a manual way here we can see how
is focused however see as you already
we can move it and let's say we 're going to
can point well left right
up and opposite this is going to be
terrific hopefully and this function the
will integrate because they will actually give it
a degree of general apartment al sabah
85 of the salary equal incredible and we're going to
move to the mara of the form let's say that
wider we attack to the left
we are because attacking nothing but us
we have to fit very well because of
suddenly the controls like that if you
is working but let's say that this
functionality is but incredible
truth gives you a major attack point to
this Saturday you finally have a more range
broad you have the ability to attack
in a high range go on a horizon
wider there and then now we go with
the hydra that leads also has this
functionality we will be able to move is
machine gun that has and can equal
this work I do not know why they do not put it
in a normal way in the game if this
it would be totally believable would it be very
extraordinary and the truth maybe if
would come revolutionary and little also to
the left-right gameplay that
let's comment
stabilize x more stable suit than
we can make it older than the book
because this one if the product stabilizes
almost does not move and here we can be
firing in a phenomenal way osa
it's totally human that it extended the range
of vision that you have with this
ability to target not annually the
arms the truth that if that's a last
would like to have integrated it into the game
is a mode that makes this more dynamic
vehicle that makes more dynamic and leads
because we are not only linked
to a machine gun that is fixed and that
we have to point to the one that have to
we have to balance the plane that
we have to point it towards where
we want to shoot here not here
It is totally independently
Machine gun can be moved completely
this we go that is something that should
take into consideration us of rockstar
because it's a personality is always
well let's say it's a good idea to
the gta trinity of the currency of
casinos and then basically it's very simple
is to be able to aim for the dora shrapnel
where you want or be the same
they can put nothing else
and 180 degrees forward so you do not
let's apply backwards because it 's
be a bit logical but let's say
that why they are not going to do it is to say
if it is let's say in a good source a
great aspiration I know that many
They must remember that like it
inspired to act as referee
before there are lots that are transformed
animals and trade companies did it to
through these modes and while
we hope here also take in
consideration some of these and that the
integrate the game because it would be let's say
that give it more dynamism would be
an athlete of brains and gave them these
aircraft are helicopters and
aircraft would be much more lethal and now
yes that they hold them confessed and they
they face one of these because they no longer
let's not say that they would have the possibility
to get away so easily because the
enemy because I could basically aim
the ones where you are and
eliminate them an easier way here
we are identifying the patrols to the
right and in the middle is not Spanish
tell us a more adverse homeland two
friends
but
and already